---
layout: post
title: A case of senioritis, meetings and career recruitment
---

Minor update first, I got an actual url for the website instead of the github repo name. The student github package gave a free .tech domain for a year, which is kind of tacky, but I can't argue with free!

I've been absolutely dragging myself through this quarter, so I've been working to put more structure in my life despite COVID. I think that's the hardest thing for me, being in different places definitely helped put me in a work-mindset. Getting started with the 'Bioelectronics' class was sort of hard, it's "writing review technical papers", the class. While writing the papers isn't the biggest problem, it's that the topics are so broad it can go on a wild goose chase looking for a topic and the papers to back it up. The music classes have been fine, but they suck up time, especially the pop culture music class. It's still a fun class, but I'd much rather be doing anything else at this point. Capstone project should be fine, but I'm working on taking up more of a managerial position on software now. I've also brought on another body to work on the code too; Todd a team member isn't quite as experienced with Python, but I think the code is simple enough that he can pick up on how to implement based on the current codebase and the resources on Trello. More structure has been put in place with short SCRUM update meetings a couple times a week. It's given me time to update on what's new in the code and what needs to happen, and initially has helped a lot with on-boarding with my current code base. After all this though, I think I'm finally catching my stride with a balancing all the work for my classes.

While the SCRUM meetings have been helpful for the software team, I think too many meetings and really cut into time that could be spent working on the project. As a whole, there are two other full team meetings that are roughly an hour each, while communication is important, if all the time is spent in meetings, there's nothing to actually meet about. Cutting them down to 30 minutes, like the SCRUM meetings, I think is the best move if they still need to happen. As far as I know that's also a common problem in industry too.

In other news, I've been getting messages from recruiters for possible jobs! All of them in the Midwest for whatever reason, my internship at IIT might have something to do with it. The process of getting recruited has been very stressful for me though, it's just that extra bit of work on top of everything else. The first one, which I'm definitely pursuing is Epic Systems, it's for basically a glorified IT position, which I'm more than okay with. Doing research on getting jobs out of university really brings up to light how often people with engineering degrees end up with jobs that aren't necessarily 'engineering'. Even so, it's a technical job where I'll have to keep learning constantly, which is what I'm looking for in a job. The other two that came up, one is an embedded engineer role and the other a technical sales role. The technical sales role sounds droll to be honest, but I ought to pursue it as a first job. However, if the pay is too low, I saw that the salary ranges from 50k to 71k, I don't think I'd move to Chicago for it. For the embedded engineer role, I was sought out for a phone call, but got ghosted on my response e-mail, which is so odd. Hopefully, it wasn't a phishing scam or something lol. However, I got passed the phone interview with Epic though, which is exciting, but now that means I have to do their recruitment SAT test now.


Wrote this post while listening to some shoegaze bands and then ended up listening to Mary J. Bildge somehow. She's pretty cool, in my popular music class she was introduced in the first day, she's sort of the bridge between early hip-hop and RnB.
